​Write a function that takes a two-dimensional array as the argument and turns it into a flat array with all duplicated elements removed. Treat numbers and number strings (e.g., 1 and '1') as duplicates, and keep the one that comes first in the result.


flattenAndUnique([])); // []
flattenAndUnique(['true', false, true])); // ['true', false]
flattenAndUnique([[1, 2, 3], ['3', 4, 5, 'a']])); // [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 'a']
flattenAndUnique([[1, 2, 3, undefined, Infinity], ['3', 4, 5, 'a', {}]])); // [1, 2, 3, undefined, Infinity, 4, 5, 'a', {}]
const sparse = [];
sparse.length = 3;
flattenAndUnique([[1, 2, 3], ['3', 4, 5, 'a'], sparse])); // [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 'a']
flattenAndUnique([[]])); []
flattenAndUnique([[1, 2, 3], ['3', 4, 5, 'a', []]])); // [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 'a', []]
flattenAndUnique([[1, 2, 3], ['3', 4, 5, 'a', [1, 2, 3]]])); // [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 'a', [1, 2, 3]]
flattenAndUnique([[1, 2, 3], ['3', 4, 5, 'a', [1, 2, 3], [1, 2, 3]]])); // [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 'a', [1, 2, 3]]
flattenAndUnique([[1, 2, 3], ['3', 4, 5, 'a', [], []]])); // [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 'a', []]
flattenAndUnique([[1, 2, 3], ['3', 4, 5, 'a', [], sparse]])); // [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 'a', []]
flattenAndUnique([[1, 2, 3], ['3', 4, 5, 'a', {}, {}]])); // [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 'a', {}]


will the input always be an array?
will the array always contain arrays as elements?
will the array ever be more than two dimensional? e.g. [[1, 2], ['1', '2', [3, 4]]]
do I have to worry about octal numbers? (or any non-base10 values? in our input array of array)

will either the main array or any of its element (subarrays) be sparse?
  if so, should we handle sparse-ness? < come back to this! >

## INPUT:
  - 2-dim array which should contain any data types including arrays (either empty or with elements)
    - string, integer, booleans, composites (objects, arrays (sparse arrays))
## OUTPUT:
  - flat array containing no duplicate elements
## DATA FLOW:
  - 2d array -> 1d array -> filtered result array containing no duplicates

## REQUIREMENTS:
  - 1 & '1' are DUPLICATES, if 1 occurs first
  - once flattened at a depth of 1, if an array exists as an element in flattened array, it is considered an element and thus can be
  evaluated to see if there is any other element which is its duplicate.
    - the same is true for plain objects
  - if the element is an array or object (any composite type): represent it as a stringified version

## EDGE CASES:
  - string numbers and their integer counterpart
  - Arrays (either empty or populated or sparse)
  - Objects
## SUMMARY:

  - transform and filter a 2d array containing elements into a 1d array containing only 'unique' elements
## STEPS:

GUARD for:
  - invalid main input (undefined, or non-array)
  - ensure input is 2d

FLATTEN valid input into 1d arr

TRAVERSE flattenedArr

BUILD a resultArr which only includes those elements which are not already present
  if element type is str:
    -> check it as a String exists in result array || if it exists as a Number
      - if either exist, continue iteration
      - otherwise, add to resultArr

  if element type is Number:
    -> check it exists as Number in result array || if it exists as a String
      - if either exist, continue iteration
      - otherwise, add to resultArr

  if element type is boolean:
    -> check if it exists as a Boolean result array || if it exists as a String
      - if either exist, continue iteration
      - otherwise, add to resultArr

  if element type is arr/obj:
    -> check if element stringified exists in resultArr:
      - if it exists: continue iteration
      - otherwise, add to resultArr

return resultArr